1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
	Sometimes we may want to use the code already available on a remote repository and add changes to it or when we work in a group and suppose, we want everyone to be able to make changes and experiment, then we may not prefer to keep work local.

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	We might not want to include every change or every new feature in our local repo from the remote repo, so pulling                manually enables us to be flexible with our choices.

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	Forks are used to copy a repo from GitHub to GitHub, which can be useful in case we don't wanna copy anything to our                local machine and directly work on GitHub. Clones are used to copy repo from GitHub to local machine or from a local                machine to another local machine. Branches are a part of a single repo and can be used to experiment around. 

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	It can help in keeping a track of differences between local and remote repo.
               Also, it gives clear vision about when to fetch and when to merge.

5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	Git or Github can be used to collaborate as they allow us to push changes from local to remote repo 
               or pull changes from remote to the local master branch of our (local) repo. If you are working in a 
               group and want to share some changes but ain't sure, then you can push changes to remote repo 
               from a different branch and publish a pull request on GitHub. If your co-workers want to incorporate 
               those changes, they can accept your pull request and merge those changes into the master branch, if not,
               they can also leave a comment suggesting improvement. Clearly, all this makes it very easy to communicate
               changes to your collaborators and helps to keep local and remote repo in sync. It would have been very hard
               to accomplish such a coordination in a group project if all this was not available.

6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits
    does each approach have?
	In case, we are working in a group and need others to review and agree to our changes, or if we are working on a 
               new feature but ain't sure if it will be good to incorporate it into the master branch on GitHub, then we must first 
               create a new separate branch and work on it and then push it onto remote repo on GitHub and publish a pull 
               request so that others can review and suggest improvements or approve and merge the changes into the master
               branch on GitHub. Though directly using local master everytime may seem tempting, working in a separate branch 
               provides a lot of flexibility and ensures that no changes are made into GitHub's master branch without everybody
               getting notified/without everyone's approval.
	



 
  
